Add Cloud Tracing payload request/response support (#562)
DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog: README.md

| `enableDDLogs`                | Enable Datadog log collection using the Lambda Extension. Defaults to `true`. Note: This setting has no effect on logs sent by the Datadog Forwarder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `monitors`                    | When defined, the Datadog plugin configures monitors for the deployed function. Requires setting `DATADOG_API_KEY` and `DATADOG_APP_KEY` in your environment. To learn how to define monitors, see [To Enable and Configure a Recommended Serverless Monitor](#to-enable-and-configure-a-recommended-serverless-monitor).                                                                                                    |

> | `captureLambdaPayload`        | [Captures incoming and outgoing AWS Lambda payloads][17] in the Datadog APM spans for Lambda invocations. Defaults to `false`.     

Reviewer: If this line didn't change, can we remove it from the diff? Keeping the git history clean can help us in the future if we need to understand context behind the addition of new features.

> | `captureCloudRequestPayload`        | [Captures request data exchanged between your application and AWS services][20] in the Datadog APM spans. Values: `all`. To [protect sensitive data][21], use JSON Path syntax.. Defaults to `false`.           

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `captureCloudRequestPayload`        | [Captures request data exchanged between your application and AWS services][20] in the Datadog APM spans. Values: `all`. To [protect sensitive data][21], use JSON Path syntax. Defaults to `false`.           
```

> | `captureCloudRequestPayload`        | [Captures request data exchanged between your application and AWS services][20] in the Datadog APM spans. Values: `all`. To [protect sensitive data][21], use JSON Path syntax.. Defaults to `false`.           

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `captureCloudRequestPayload`        | When using an AWS SDK client within your lambda function, captures [request data exchanged between it and AWS services][20] in the Datadog APM spans. Values: `all`. To [protect sensitive data][21], use JSON Path syntax. Defaults to `""`.           |
```
Make sure the whitespace allows that last `|` to line up correctly, I can't do it very well from the UI.
